{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 11/20/17\
\
Blog entry #1\
\
Hello world!\
\
I have already completed week one of the CodingDojo, so I\'92ll start with a recap. I\'92m going to try and blog at the end of every week to record my coding journey. \
\
The class is fantastic, and I can already tell that I\'92m picking up coding (at least WebFun) very quickly and easily and foresee a fruitful future. I absolutely loathe CSS and am currently enjoying the javaScript portion we started today far more. I will definitely update the CSS on here eventually\'85. Considering I achieved my Yellow Belt and can now code it properly. The exam was tedious, but not super difficult. \
\
In other news I took out \'91Stranger Than Fiction\'92 for a spin today while working on some JS and I have to say it definitely one of my top Bad Religion records. I hesitate to attach a number to it\'92s rank but the stylistic realization combined with higher budget production and overtly personal, but very dark, songwriting make it extremely powerful. This is the culmination of a long build-up in momentum for this band and I hold it in high regard in the BR pantheon. \
\
Also, I\'92m going to see Strike Anywhere tomorrow at the 9:30 club!\
\
later,\
Stephen}