{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 11/26/17\
\
Blog entry #2\
\
Hello world!\
\
It\'92s the Sunday evening after Thanksgiving and I just now recalled that I am due an entry. We had a short week at the Dojo and crammed in a whole lot in just 3 days. We were introduced to jQuery which is a LIFESAVER and makes modifying HTML a breeze, thus making any website more interactive and interesting. We all went over APIs and AJAX, which I find very interesting for some odd reason and I explored the chess.com API to make the Chess section on this website more informative. We start Python tomorrow, and I couldn\'92t be more excited. I\'92m a little weary of all the front-end dev and more interested in back-end and algorithms. I\'92ve done same basic Python and look forward to more exploring - I\'92m hoping to build a chess engine eventually and I think Python could be very useful tool for this project.\
\
In other news, my family was in town and we had nice Thanksgiving dinner in Bethesda before exploring the National Mall and all the monuments the next day. I am glad they could come by as it\'92s hard for me to leave town with Fox.\
\
Besides that, the best part of last week was seeing Strike Anywhere! It\'92s refreshing to see a band that\'92s been around for awhile still deliver intensity and raw energy. Brain McTernan mentioned that you\'92d never meet a better group of guys and I believe, this bands\'92 lyrics are meaningful on a level most other bands can\'92t touch. A reinvigorating experience that resets your perspective on playing music and really moves you.\
\
On a related note I learned \'91Portrait of Authority\'92 by Bad Religion today. Another timeless band with exceptional lyrical prowess. This song in particular I sort of pass by most of the time, but the beautiful thing about Bad Religion is how you can come back to any song, examine it from a new perspective, learn something meaningful, and achieve an unprecedented cathartic release. A similar thing happened with \'91Infected\'92 and more recently \'91American Jesus\'92. Stunning masterworks that I simply overlooked because of their popularity in the BR canon.\
\
Anyways, that\'92s all for now.\
\
later,\
Stephen}